---
layout: default
---

## Welcome to another page

I love solving a difficult problem in code and the satisfaction you get when
your code runs smoothly and properly. There's a deep sense of having all the
pieces of a puzzle in place and a confirmation from an objective unbiased 
confirmation of my understanding of the logic and the problem being solved. 
Furthermore that you can demonstrate conclusively the efficiencies of different
solutions to the problems solved.

I am very interested in physics, chemistry, strong mathematical understanding,
set theory, methods of sorting and searching, determining runtimes. Organizing
databases, setting up environments, determining optimal tools or frameworks to
use for particular situations.

From 2012 to 2014 I began building websites for small businesses after doing an
online python course and learning to do so with minimal up front or maintenance
cost. 
In 2014 I began working on getting my associates degree in computer science
while supporting myself and in 2018 I was accepted into the Computer Science 
Engineering department.

I have done a range of development work from database work to writing macros 
depending on the needs of the task or project. I have programmed in Python, 
Java, C++, C#, Assembly, as well as Shell Scripting. Profficient with unix,
git, vim, modular coding, test-driven development, and working with a variety
of development environments.

In college I have built an ALU, lead programming in arduino projects, president
of cs club, participated in hackathons.

Worked with several small companies including cafes, a record label, pool cleaning 
service and more to build an online presence for them. 

Also enjoy balancing my life with physical activities and would like to have
a positive impact on people's lives.

I really enjoy using essentially simple logic to solve complex problems that 
had a measurable real world impact which gave a gratification similar to that 
of finishing a project in construction. 

I wrote a compiler in my computer architecture class for the final project.

Boolean logic piqued my interest in set theory and formal methods of proof, 
particularly for use in practical applications. 


[back](./)
